# Text Analysis With R - Customer Reviews Analysis

Hotels as part of the service industry are highly focused on the quality of the intangible products: customer service. Online travel forums have become extremely popular for sharing information. With the recent rise of social networks and a large number of reviews being posted daily, the hotel industry has access to a large and growing number of online customer reviews from the travel portals. Hoteliers can use these data to generate insights about their customers and understand what their values are, and ultimately, to discover potential opportunities of hotel operation improvements and personalize customer service.

I am passionate about the intersection between business analytics and the hotel industry, especially regarding applying technical analytics to understand customer behavior and discover potential business opportunities. Customer feedbacks play an important part in guiding hotel operation improvement. Many studies have addressed the role of online reviews in influencing hotel operation, but few studies have considered investigating individual hotel property’s review content. In this paper, I am keen on applying statistical methods and text-mining techniques to an individual hotels’ customer reviews and US census data, which will help understand different customer segments’ values, recognize opportunities for personalized customer services, and yield insights regarding hotel promotions and operational approaches that most efficient to certain customer segment.

This study showcases analyzing Trip Advisor and Yelp customer reviews for a luxury hotel in California. The study focuses on online reviews with low customer satisfaction ratings and finds features that are frequently associated with low rating reviews. The study also analyzes a specific segment: wedding anniversaries travelers, and summarizes their preferences towards specific aspects of the hotel operation. The findings identify the keywords that have positive sentiments. Including and highlighting those keywords or related features in the hotel romance package or the website would make the promotion more appealing to these specific customers.

This study's first section defines the text analysis techniques that are covered in this paper: term frequency analysis, sentiment analysis, and word correlation analysis. It is followed by the data and methods section. The data section outlines data sources, descriptions, and sample sizes. The method section describes the steps of this study. The discussion of summary statistics section interprets the analysis results, summarizes the derived conclusions, and raises suggestions based on the statistic outcomes. 
